[Music]
Military Cross he was a one
war machine Gilbert disappeared just
over three years ago and he's been
completely off grid ever since would you
look at that a real-life ghost two days
ago my friend sergeant Daniel Mason was
killed I made to find whoever did it we
were wondering what you're doing up here
devotion is a broken place people round
here they're scared the bestop shoot
your mouth off pow
you're a dead man
come on let's dance really
I know you want justice for the Mason
family but you might want to think about
leaving town not just as a matter
let him come I'm not leaving town so I
find out what happened to damn nice or
or I'm gonna decorate this place in a
delicate shade of your skull and break
[Music]
[Applause]
what's this prick look like that
to see any prick you don't recognize who
can piss off down the pub first rounds
on me lads
[Music]